love loved loved i love reading books she
loved the concert last night we have
loved this city for years like liked
liked they like playing sports he liked
the movie we saw you have liked many of
her songs ask asked asked i ask questions
she asked yesterday they have asked often
work worked worked we work hard he worked
late you have worked overtime talk talked
talked they talk daily we talked
yesterday she has talked for hours look
looked looked you look around they looked
outside we have looked everywhere want
wanted wanted he wants success i wanted
to go they have wanted many things use
used used used we use tools she used a
computer you have used this before need
needed needed they need help we needed
time he has needed assistance feel felt
felt she feels happy i felt sad we have
felt excited